M2Eclipse Launchers
===================

[Maven Integration for Eclipse](http://eclipse.org/m2e) brings [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org) to Eclipse. This plugin provides a subset of Maven goals used most often :
- Maven clean				      : remove all files generated by the previous build.
- Maven generate-sources 	: generate any source code for inclusion in compilation. 
- Maven install				    : install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally.
- Maven test				      : run tests using a suitable unit testing framework.

The plugin also provides an extension to cover all the phases of a build lifecycle of Maven :
- Maven build             : run any goals.

## Prerequisite ##
The [installion of the M2E plugin](http://eclipse.org/m2e/download) is required.

After the installation, the launchers should appear in the **M2 Maven Build** part of the selection box **Run/Debug Configuration**.

## Launch configurations ##

This folder contains launchers for running valuable Maven commands that are not yet supported by M2E:

**Display Actives Profiles**

$ mvn help:active-profiles

**Display All Profiles**

$ mvn help:all-profiles

**Display Dependencies**

$ mvn dependency:list

**Display Dependency Tree**

$ mvn dependency:tree

**Display Dependency Updates**

$ mvn versions:display-dependency-updates

**Display Plugin Updates**

$ mvn versions:display-plugin-update

**Display Project Settings**

$ mvn help:effective-settings

## How to use ##
To run these goals

1. Select a pom; or, a project containig a pom configuration.
* Click on the right mouse button to open a **popup menu**.
* Select the **Run as > Maven build** sub-menu.
* Select a command in the **Select Configuration** dialog box; and then, click **Ok**.

The result of the command should appear in the **Console**.
